Turmoil rocked the exclusive world of San Francisco megacorps as the year drew to a close. Shiawase, the oldest and most venerated megacorp on the planet, suddenly appeared vulnerable, and its competitors wasted no time seizing their assets and market share. The Marines were forced to maintain order in the wake of the widespread infighting, which in turn led to a welcome respite for orks and other metahumans living in the East Bay.

That period of peace proved short-lived. Ares Megacorp, which had long seemed content with its Silicon Valley holdings, grew increasingly hostile towards Saito. After the natural disasters of the Year of the Comet, Ares volunteered to aid in rebuilding the Japanese homeland, with one string attached: the Imperial Diet must remove Saito from San Francisco.

The Diet made the order, but Saito refused. He cut all ties with Japan and declaring himself the Protector General, launching his long-planned invasion of California. However, observers noted that he only expanded east, not south. Despite his bluster and rhetoric, he appeared to fear Ares, and avoided their territory even as the rest of CalFree fell to his armies.

Between Shiawase's fall from grace and Saito's war, the metahumans of Oakland and the surrounding cities united in preparation for the worst. Saito seized Sacramento and established the California Protectorate, but the fighting in the East Bay never stopped. The General's once-grand ambitions of controlling a powerful state that could rival UCAS fell apart as he found himself mired in an endless insurgency at the heart of his would-be empire.

And what of the runner who destroyed Hemlock and thwarted Saito’s grand plan? They were often seen in the company of a troll decker, and the pair became a favorite couple on the Bay Area circuit, exploring all of its environs and subcultures and sharing their discoveries with the broader resistance movement. In time, the couple departed for the wider environs beyond CalFree, but left behind a legacy of insight and affection that stood as an exemplar for years to come. Not all runners' lives end in tragedy, and these runners' best years were yet to come.
