Turmoil rocked the exclusive world of San Francisco megacorps as the year drew to a close. Shiawase, the oldest and most venerated megacorp on the planet, suddenly appeared vulnerable, and its competitors wasted no time seizing their assets and market share. The Marines were forced to maintain order in the wake of the widespread infighting, which in turn led to a welcome respite for orks and other metahumans living in the East Bay.

Shiawase recovered swiftly, thanks to a new generation of leadership. CalFree's branch did little to contest the ongoing rumors of a deal Saito had cut with their predecessors to unleash a horrific weapon of mass extinction upon the planet. Political and economic pressure mounted until the Japanese Diet ordered Saito to return to Japan and answer the charges.

Instead, Saito declared himself General and launched his long-planned invasion of California. Observers noted that, while most of the San Francisco megacorps supported this expansion, Shiawase conspicuously refrained. Saito's legendary paranoia grew as he obsessed about a potential plot to depose him, planned at the highest levels of Shiawase headquarters.

Between Shiawase's fall from grace and Saito's war, the metahumans of Oakland and the surrounding cities united in preparation for the worst. Saito seized Sacramento and established the California Protectorate, but the fighting in the East Bay never stopped. The General's once-grand ambitions of controlling a powerful state that could rival UCAS fell apart as he found himself mired in an endless insurgency at the heart of his would-be empire.

And what of the runner who destroyed Hemlock and thwarted Saito's grand plan? Nobody seemed to know precisely where they went next, but when one traveled in resistance circles, they quickly learned that this runner was admired above all others in the annals of the struggle. The Hero of Halferville, the Savior of Orks, the Shield of Oakland: these titles expressed the people's gratitude, and served as a warning to their foes. This runner had bent the arc of history, walking in the shadows so others might live in the light.
