Turmoil rocked the exclusive world of San Francisco megacorps as the year drew to a close. Shiawase, the oldest and most venerated megacorp on the planet, suddenly appeared vulnerable, and its competitors wasted no time in making plays for their assets and market share. The Marines were forced to maintain order in the wake of the widespread infighting, which in turn led to a welcome respite for the orks and other metahumans living in the East Bay.

That period of peace proved short-lived. The Japanese Diet lost faith in Saito’s ability to protect their interests after his failure to defend Shiawase from a small team of shadowrunners, and in 2061 they ordered him to return to the homeland. Saito refused, naming himself Protectorate General and launching his long-planned invasion of California.

The fighting was brutal and one-sided, but the runners had denied Saito the doomsday weapon he had craved: Hemlock had been thoroughly wiped out, along with everyone with sufficient knowledge to restart the project. The General was forced to use conventional weaponry in his invasion. The violence was still brutal and the death toll high, but the nightmarish scene of biological mass genocide never came to pass.

In the intervening years between Shiawase’s fall from grace and Saito’s war, the metahumans of Oakland, Berkeley, and surrounding cities had united in preparation for the worst. Even after Saito seized Sacramento and declared the formation of the California Protectorate, the fighting in the East Bay never stopped. The General’s once-grand ambitions of controlling a powerful state that could rival UCAS fell apart as he found himself mired in an endless insurgency in the heart of his would-be empire.

And what of the runner who destroyed Hemlock and thwarted Saito’s grand plan? The last time Halferville spotted the runner, they were seated on a Harley-Davidson Goatsgruff motorcycle. An ork rigger rode pillion, her arms wrapped around the runner as the two of them roared off into the sunrise. Tales trickled back into the East Bay for years to come, chronicling the ongoing adventures of this unlikely pair: always free, always moving, they took on the world and kept on winning.
